docs: enhance documentation (#191)
elastic/e2e-testing: e2e/README.md

The implementation of these smoke tests has been done with [Godog](https://github.com/cucumber/godog) + [Cucumber](https://cucumber.io/).

### Cucumber: BDD at its core

The specification of these smoke tests has been done using the `BDD` (Behaviour-Driven Development) principles, where:

>BDD aims to narrow the communication gaps between team members, foster better understanding of the customer and promote continuous communication with real world examples.

From Cucumber's website:

>Cucumber is a tool that supports Behaviour-Driven Development(BDD), and it reads executable specifications written in plain text and validates that the software does what those specifications say. The specifications consists of multiple examples, or scenarios.

The way we are going to specify our software is using [`Gherkin`](https://cucumber.io/docs/gherkin/reference/).

>Gherkin uses a set of special keywords to give structure and meaning to executable specifications. Each keyword is translated to many spoken languages. Most lines in a Gherkin document start with one of the keywords.

> The key part here is **executable specifications**: we will be able to automate the verification of the spefications anf potentially get a coverage of these specs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key part here is **executable specifications**: we will be able to automate the verification of the specifications and potentially get a coverage of these specs.
```
